remember as a grandmother's childhood
the village has all its natural homemade
without chemistry
homemade cottage cheese jam compotik
yogurt with fresh berries from the garden
Arslan company presents to you
alternative
not grandmother of course, but induction
Multicooker pressure cooker Arsen M and 5040
psd which is unique in its kind
prepares drinks sauce and slides yogurt
jam jam Akulich sloboda this
multicookers exactly all the power even have
the ability to adjust the heating from 60
up to 77 degrees in 1 degree increments and there are
child protection
child lock mode will save the little ones
children from games with appliances and more
advantages over other models
Multivarok can be attributed convenient panel
pressure cooking controls
induction heating 19 automatic
large informational text modes
display with el and di backlight and voice
Russian navigation on the display
management uses a single system
pictograms designed arsen and bright
orange backlight improves visual
the perception of the inscription on the display
modes of operation and remaining
time
a large screen size improves
information management smart
touch control
voice navigation and clear indication
allow you to make cooking any
dishes are comfortable and simple as in
automatic modes and in mode
your choice
performing a pressure cooker mission simplifies
cooking complex dishes
requiring prolonged thermal
processing with all the useful elements
and product properties will save
fully automatic adjustment
vapor pressure provide one hundred percent
in safety
the bowl is equipped with comfortable bakelite vymi
handles is a unique kind of modern
plastic durable withstand high
temperatures and while not himself
heats up and his rough
the surface does not allow hands to slide off
volume of bowl is 5 liters thanks to over
resistant non-stick coating
charcoal clothing food does not burn
cleaning the device itself will take seconds
multicooker has a unique feature
image safe uses induction
principle of heating in the end you save not
only time to cook and faster but also
money thanks to modest consumption
electricity and finally manufacturers
do not cease to amaze us culinary
The Orson application can be downloaded at
google play store on any tablet
android system every week find out
New recipes that can be cooked with
using arci technique
Yes